things a sports commentator would never
say orni's finished that race in just
under two hours a gruelling finish for
the hundred meters and a very
disappointing performance from captain
tom
and congratulations to my mum he's
taking home the gold medal for passive
aggression
and there he is he's crossed the line
that jockey has just won the grand
national he must feel five feet
tall
and there we have it we finally know who
has won the ashes some said a tombola at
a funeral was inappropriate but it's
what she would have wanted
well with three sixes like that in a row
you have to ask is satan the one day
batsman england have been looking for
it's 2046. welcome to the opening
ceremony of the tokyo 2020 olympics
and hamilton has the lead and look how
excited his dog is
tonight we have coverage of the england
men's team
well that is a wild throw in the javelin
that is huge
very difficult to tell where that
javelin's going where is that general
[Applause]
and he's reaching and he's almost got it
and yes harry potter has the golden
snitch of course he has the smug prick
and that is exactly why they call him a
fox in the box a great finish
followed by and screaming
well that was a very delayed decision on
var
but yes jeff her school did cross the
line
oh and that's a firm backhand although i
like to try reasoning with the staff
um what's the name of the guy taking the
penalty can you find out for me oh it's
got in god
uh liverpool in their away costumes
they're just making their way backstage
for the interval
ah and what a fascinating end to the
snooker he went red
then blue and then the ambulance arrived
to take him away
andy murray there with a soft lob
happens to the best of us
and as the lights go out for the start
of this nighttime
singapore grand prix the driver shout
please
turn the lights on we can't see a
thing